Expand hls description (#17)
jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-docs: docs/getting_started/components/hls.md

* [WebRTC](../peers/webrtc.md)
* [RTSP](../components/rtsp.md)

## Requirements

> * [Room](../../introduction/basic_concepts\#room) with video codec set to H264. See [API](../../api_reference/rest_api#tag/room/operation/JellyfishWeb.RoomController.create) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Room](../../introduction/basic_concepts\#room) in which the HLS component is created must have the video codec set to H264. See [API](../../api_reference/rest_api#tag/room/operation/JellyfishWeb.RoomController.create) for more information.
```
